Tell me about what drives you?

I'm curious, determined, self-starter focused on growth and adding value wherever I am in whatever I do. Three of my passions include tech, fitness, and finance. These three industries interest me because they all provide value to the world in their own but a somewhat very connected way. 

Technology is a constantly growing field with an unlimited potential to impact the world in almost every field. In finance, it provides tools to solve many problems, such as peace of mind with financial tracking (expense reports), investing money, and discovering predictions and outcomes - to name a few. In fitness, it provides a large knowledge base and ways of tracking your progress with apps such as MyFitnessPal. Plus with the influence and advancements of Artificial Intelligence, there are more opportunities in the tech field than ever before.

As a professional in the fitness industry, I have first hand experienced and seen what kind of impact living a healthier life can have on an individual. After all, who doesn’t want to live a healthier, longer, and more fulfilling life? Health habits can lead to better moods, more motivation, and more healthier habits. Sounds cheesy? Try it for yourself once you break the lazy and start being consistent you will see that it is difficult to stay away from the gym or whatever your favorite poison may be.

Last but not least I love having money. Don’t get me wrong...I know most people believe that it’s the “source of all evil” but hear me out. In our day in age, we need money for almost everything - bear necessities ;), fun (travel), learning (education). This doesn’t mean you can’t have fun without money too - hiking/ exploring with friends can be very fun plus you get awesome exercise at the same time. But to really learn and experience the world you do need to have money (think travel). Besides having money provides the freedom to really experience who you are because you don’t have to just take a job just in order to survive. So I think money = more time to be creative with your time. 

Few simple tips to help with your financial freedom:

Pay yourself first ( one of the greatest tips I’ve learned from the book “Rich Dad Poor Dad” by Rober Kayiasaki.) What does this mean?
Save 10% of what you make every month
figure out a six-month reserve in case you lose your job, keep it in a savings account and name it “Hell Broke Loose” Account (this means you should never touch this account unless you have a medical emergency, or you’re out of work.
After you have your six-month reserve start learning to invest. Real estate, stocks, mutual stocks, 401ks all that good stuff! Learn how to make money work for you, not the other way around!

-2. Live within your means.

Learn the difference between wanting and needing… Do you really need a bigger tv...do you really need a cooler car?
Always think of the future, how much happier will you be if you purchase the items you want a month from now? 

- 3. Another, hole burning habit people have is constantly eating out. Not only do most restaurants make meals with double the number of calories, sodium, and sugar, but they also charge double or quadruple the amount of money for things you could probably make at home. I know time is often a variable, but try meal prepping once or twice for the entire week and see how much money you can save per month ( trust me your jaw will drop! ).

You never know the money you can save with some of these tips they might as well result in a trip to Europe one day.